In his essay, the post preliminary practices or the foundation practices is to prepare
ourself.
That is to prepare ourself.
So to prepare ourself.
So those are what we discussed in that.
And now we go to the now here, the external ordinary foundation practices of the seven
training of the minds.
So Munro is in Tibetan and Amla is now translating also foundations.
Foundation practice.
Munro is a foundation.
Foundation practices and Munro is also not just a foundation, this is also in the middle
practice too.
Every time practices we do that, so is the foundation practices.
So now second is the external ordinary training of the seven training of the mind or seven
mindful practices, seven mindful practices.
And now what are those?
Those are here.
In the Tibetan of course, they're all component things are in permanent like the water bubbles.
And this is all called ordinary or the extra ordinary practices, the ordinary.
But it is all is generally is not just a kind of like esoteric for the buddhisms.
It is it's poor, whether you're a Buddhism or whether you're Buddhist practitioners or
not practitioners, this is the reality of the way every things are the most least.
And of course, there's like the supreme part of the path or the Nirvana and as well as
qualify a teacher, those are slightly different.
But otherwise, all is really just to everyone, I mean that whether you believe or not believe
that's the way we are we are.
And in the general practice is what it calls poor point of the teaching that will reverse
our mind from the samsara.
So it will kind of like that, something then clinging grasping to the samsara.
And so our mind will turn to the Dharma practices that if we start reflecting these things,
these points.
So therefore, this is this mindfulness practices as well as well uproot our grasping, clinging
or attitude toward samsara.
It is also not making up.
It is exactly true as it is.
So now I hear all component things are the impermanence like the water bubbles.
Now, what is that means all the components.
So that means this all what we see now, all compounded things.
What is compounded in a debating or in Buddhism, Buddha's teaching in philosophy, then you
say what is the symbol of the compounded or what is the characteristics of the compounded.
The characteristic or the symbol of the compounded is moment you existing, that moment is changing.
Moment you existing, that moment is changing.
There is no pause, no change.
Moment is existing, moment is change.
Only that is the characteristics of the whole symbol of the compounded everything.
In that way, there is true impermanence, that means the impermanence is changing impermanence.
That is in the compounded again if you talk that all this world outside, all this world
phenomena existing, water, fire, wind, earth, every these four elements, everything is changing.
Not really looking to our post-eagle poems, our breathings, our mind and everything really
changing.
So four elements are changing externally, four elements are changing inward, not sitting
anything.
And that change has two, something that we can detect it, something that we cannot detect
it, there is undetectable impermanence that is called subtle impermanence, undetectable.
Our senses are so gross, gross we don't detect that subtle impermanence.
As in the teaching said, as I said, the moment you existing that moment is changing, we don't
detect that.
That is subtle impermanence, we don't detect it.
We only detected gross ones, gross that comes from where?
From subtle, subtle impermanence, that word gross, then we see all the change, changing.
Our eyes are or our consciousness, our mind, intelligence is gross.
And who detect that?
According to Buddhism, those one who has a realization of the first booming, they detect
it, they will detect and then come more deeper, more stronger and sharper and then Buddhas
are detected.
And our eye, what use the examples, for example, one hair, hair, H-A-I-R, hair, dropped that
on the palm, we won't detect it.
One slide, hair, detect, blood, dropped in our palm, we won't detect, we won't feel anything.
But that same side, every drop in our eye, immediately we will feel, immediately we will
see.
So the knowledge of the enlightened beings are like eyes, immediately they see things,
where things are happening.
Our knowledge is gross, we don't really detect anything yet.
So this is the way the nature is, phenomena existing is, moment you develop, that moment
is started changing.
Now we start thinking of the gross ones, gross in parliament, then in the teaching, see it.
Then you think, reflecting the mind in parliament, the gross level, thinking of the world, whole
world, how whole world is changed, and we read the history, how much world is changed.
In even our lifetime, this world is changing so much.
So reflecting the mind, how the mind, world is changing and reflecting the mind from us
to how inhabitant of the world is changing, that's the second.
Then reflecting the mind of the in parliament, how all those noble beings are changed.
All noble beings, those are considered very high in the noble, enlightened, more kind
of, not like us, more special beings.
Those are innovating to be such as those great Lamas, His Holiness.
And then in a different page, you have noble ones.
How much changed?
Reflecting the mind, all the noble ones.
Reflecting the in parliament meant all the power of ones in the world.
Those were so powerful, so strong, so rich, so majestic.
And so kind of things do by just by word or by signal, they can change so many things.
And how much things change, all those all go.
And then reflecting the generality in parliament, how much change in our own lives since the
beginning of time, since I have the memories until now.
How many things changed?
Oh, one after another life, it's just like, in that way, if you look at how many things
changed, it's just like moving everything, so speed of light, really changing completely.
If somebody is walking on the other side of the mountain or in the space to look into
this world, what things changing in all the individuals, it changes.
It just so fast, so moving, everything is like that, that, so all.
And then our own self, reflecting to our own self, how many things changed since I was,
the memories, or even 15, 20 years ago, how much we changed things, things.
And everyone is changing, this is not stopping here, no stopping is continually changing.
So therefore, life is precious, life is fragile.
Fragile, great master Nagarjuna said, in his teaching, teaching said, life is so fragile,
it has so many opponents.
Opponents surround everything, the kind of daylight wind blowing, and life is so fragile
and it tend to, it's like butter lane, our lives, but blowing air and wind, so many things
happen every direction, but still the fragile light is still lightning or still light, still
is not glowing.
How amazing, how wonderful, it's true, that reason we should feel joy, appreciation, our
life is so precious.
And what great master Maharam Mooji said in his teaching, teaching said, life is so difficult
to find this precious life, it's more difficult than it used in his Buddha teaching, they're
called plover, called adhanvara.
Life is more rare than adhanvara, plover, difficult to find.
Once you obtain that, it is so valuable, so precious, then which purpose is jewel?
The purpose that all the witches, whatever you desire, according to Buddha's teaching,
there is a jewel, jewel, that if you have that, if you glorify honor that on the kind
of spatial way to glorify that and wish what you want, it will bring everything.
If you want wealth, it will bring wealth, if you want beautiful clothes, it will bring
beautiful clothes, if you want gold, it will bring gold, silver, jewel, all those things,
that's called wishful for the jewel in the Buddha teaching.
So what great master Maharam Mooji said, life is more precious than wishful for the jewels,
so difficult to obtain than the adhanvara, plover, and so precious than the wishful for
the jewel, we got both, rare things we got got, we got so precious things we got.
Now what great master Maharam Mooji said, may I have the courage to use this for the
beautiful purpose.
May I make the meaning form of this life.
That's what really in the teaching said that, I mean this is not just Maharam Mooji said,
it's true, our life is so precious, so difficult to find, and also for idols, but still we're
here, we're doing good things, how wonderful, how special, thankful, grateful, we see that
everyone have that similar situation, what we have, but at the same time have courage
and commitment, confidence, that I'm going to use this for beautiful purposes, to reach
enlightenment, become Buddha, or help all the beings, really through the bodhicata talks,
as following the path, and guidelines in light of all the great teachings, Buddha and enlightenment
,
and follow the path, if we make those things as much as we can, then truly we're making
the meaning for our life, that's called meaning for life, we're not resting, taking the
opportunities.
This doesn't mean that you have to give up everything, or do something, yes, be more
thoughtful, more calm, more peaceful, more content, do the good things to benefit for
all beings as much as you can, and each time do good aspiration prayer, dedication prayer,
really time, and which more I can do, and calm and peaceful, humble and simple, that
is known as the following the path of the great teacher, Buddha Chakra Manish, and old
enlightenment, so that is the brilliant of the first one, first one is called, and then
is like fragile, as like water bubble, so the water bubble, that, and then also in the teaching
said, all this universe and world is like, what Buddha graciously, Buddha effect, I'm
going to give example of this universe and world, all commodity things, is it like star,
it's used, this everything is like stars, that means the stars are shining in the nighttime,
but during the daytime we don't see, so it's like kind of short time display, come on,
come on, rub, rub, and then also what's called the double images, university is like double
images, is it like water lens, then is it like magic, is it like doo, D-E-W doo, and
then water bubbles, water bubble here, and then is all this experience in the universe
is like dream, and it's all as like clothing in the sky, this all like is like all that
lightning, it's like lightiness, those are the, I think, eight different examples, the
greatest teacher Buddha mentioned, the example of this universe and the world, we are like
this, really like that, so reflecting those thought, and in the teaching said, is so good,
and what the greatest teacher Buddha said, among all the concepts of your thought, conception
of the impermanent is supreme, really said, supreme is a spirit, it is a conception, is
a thought, is a mindfulness practice, but this will make our heart more tender, more
simple, and then so we have more good heart, good heart to ourselves, good heart to others,
and so those are the teaching said, and I will stop here today, thank you, thank you
everyone, thank you, thank you, and we have some questions we discuss at your time, and
no that's fine.